- Hey everybody.
- Hey Brian.
- Yeah, it's good.
It's good to have you back.
You're on vacation.
- I'm back.
I'm rested, but not rested.
You know, sometimes you have a,
go on vacation, you get back,
you're like, man, I need a vacation from my vacation.
I'm wiped.
- Yeah.
- But it was fun.
We had a lot of good times.
- International travel, do that to you.
So I guess let's get started with the show.
All right, let's do it.
- Hello and welcome to Python Bytes
where we deliver Python news and headlines
directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 295 recorded August 4th, 2022.
And I am Brian Okken.
- I'm Michael Kennedy.
- Well, like we said, it's good to have you back.
It's kind of fun to do this show.
- Good to be back.
For people out there listening,
we kind of batched some stuff up
so that you could be on vacation for a couple of weeks,
but now our news items will be more closely related in time
to the release of the episode.
- Oh, we didn't do that.
It was live.
- No, it was always live, always live.
- Yeah.
Well, I'm glad you got back quickly.
And speaking of fast, you've got a fast story for us.
- Yeah, how about we make things faster?
So I wanna talk about Flask and Court.
So Flask is, Flask is one of the most popular
web frameworks out there.
Cort is the API compatible async version of Flask,
originally done by Philip Jones.
But I think that Philip has joined David Lord
in at least in support of the Pallets organization.
I feel like Flask and Cort are working much closer
together these days.
So I don't know exactly what the relationship is,
but Flask and Core are very closely tied together right now.
What I wanna talk about is routing,
or for those UK friends, rooting if you prefer,
but the idea of taking a URL
and figuring out what function to call.
All right, so what you do is you set up in Flask,
you say @app.get, app.post, and you give it URL patterns.
Sometimes that's just like slash about,
Other times it's like slash categories,
bracket category name, or even more general stuff,
like where you might say,
it's category, maybe a category ID
and it has to be an integer, so convert that for me.
Or I wanna just capture arbitrary path,
arbitrary URLs slash edit, whatever that happens to be.
So that's the idea of routing.
And the whole article here, something,
the big news is that Philip Jones has worked on VEXOIG,
the HTTP router that is the foundation
of doing the routing in Flask and Quart.
And it's something like five times faster
than it was before.
I think five times the number.
- Wow. - Much faster.
So for very small little toy apps,
if you have a couple of routes, whatever, it's no big deal.
However, if you've got a production app,
like say TalkByDone training,
where you've got hundreds, at least hundreds of routes,
when a URL comes in,
you could spend a decent amount of time checking,
is it get or is it post?
Is it this URL?
And actually this thing here,
can we convert it to an integer?
'Cause if not, that's a 404, it's a different route.
And you know, like all the stuff that goes on there.
So the way that it worked previously
is it just, when you would specify these routes,
like app.get/api/id,
those types of things,
it would just come up with a table that just says,
okay, here's the get verb, here's the path,
and here's the function that it goes to.
And it was using regular expressions.
So /api or /api and then /d+,
the regular expression for a number.
- Okay.
- And the way it works is it just says,
Okay, we're gonna run the verb test, the regex test,
all those things one at a time, top to bottom.
Well, Brian, I know you studied a lot of computer stuff.
This is not something that's good that grows with time,
right, as you add more of these, it's complexity.
What is it, something like O of N,
or maybe a little bit O of N squared, maybe?
I'm not sure, something like that, where you're,
'cause you're testing the verbs
and you're testing the things, right?
So as you get these larger and larger,
you're like running through them every single request.
And the world is full of interesting data structures
and algorithms that you might consider.
So the idea was, this is gonna get rewritten
into something that's not just the sort of brute force test
at top to bottom in the order that is defined here.
And so I think one thing it's interesting the news
that routing in Flask and Cort is five times faster.
That's fantastic.
But also just thinking about the algorithms.
I think it's a cool problem solver,
problem solving, you know, thing to go look at, right?
An example.
So Philip thought about different ways
in which you might do this and how it works.
So the first algorithm that he looked at was a Radix tree.
And this is an interesting tree structure that gets defined
where instead of having a table, you have all the verbs.
And then under each verb, you've got the path pattern.
- Okay.
- And one of the things that's interesting here is
they have a path type.
So if you were building a CMS
or something that would handle arbitrary URLs, right?
So you could build, say, a database thing that says,
here's a URL and here's the content to show for that URL.
How do you express all the variations of that
in the routing of Flask or other frameworks?
Is you just say, it's a path type instead of an integer
or something along those lines.
All right, so there's kind of this wildcard thing
that makes it a little bit harder.
So you've got this get and you've got this post,
You've got API, remember we had slash API
and we had slash API slash ID.
So what gets created is there's a get node in the tree,
then an API node that if it matches exactly terminates
but at that call, but if not, then it also has the,
well, keep going and match the next part of the path
as a number.
And if that matches,
then you're gonna get this next segment.
Otherwise you'll go to the next part of the tree
and cruise through it.
What do you think of that?
That looks cool, right?
- Yeah, and also, I mean, yeah, it looks good
and also faster 'cause you don't look at everything.
- Right, exactly.
You say, is it a get or post?
Boom, you've like, you're down to like one segment
then you're like, well, what's this next path?
And you really quickly cruise through,
cruise through the various possibilities.
And this looks really great
until you get down to this wild card thing.
And it turns out with all the variations
and whatnot of like the wildcard matching
and the sub wildcard matching.
It didn't really work that well.
So, but one benefit is the performance
is now described as O of N, which is pretty good.
Better than N squared or something like that.
- Yeah, or yeah.
And N is the depth now, not the.
- Right, and it's, that's very important.
it's the depth rather than just the number,
which is even better, right?
Because--
- I think I'm still confused if like,
if they're all gets, for instance,
if you like most of your API is retrieval,
are they all gonna be falling into that wildcard thing then?
- Yeah, I think they would,
but then they would just be one,
I think it'd be one more step.
Like it splits pretty quick on the second part,
but still it's not that relevant
because that's that turned out to not work.
what works is something I would have never,
never thought should apply to this path finding,
path determining algorithm.
And that's a state machine.
- Awesome.
- Are you a fan of state machines?
- Yes, I am.
I love them.
Yeah.
- Yeah. State machines are pretty wild.
You know, I'm in the current editing state.
Now, what are my options?
Where can I go from here?
Things like that.
So you define the same set of routes,
but what you get is a state machine
that has these transitions.
And for example, state one says,
if you go to API, we'll go to state two.
Or if you do some wildcard slash edit,
then the answer is you just do the edit,
or you just do the true wildcard thing,
and then you do some other step there, right?
Pretty interesting.
And then say for this API where it says go to state two,
state two says, well, if there's nothing else,
you've already gone through API,
then you call the function create API you're looking for.
Otherwise, if it's a number, go to state three
and state three says, well, if that's it, then you're done.
Otherwise you're in this wildcard state and so on.
And the way that you kind of bounce between these states,
it's pretty fascinating.
- Yeah, and also like, how is this faster?
- Exactly, yes, it doesn't.
That's like I said, I would have never thought about it
'cause it also doesn't seem faster.
However, you get to the benchmarking section
and it says, I think by having 20 routes here or something,
it came out to be quite a bit faster.
Let's see.
Ratio of, this one says 50% better.
I said five times and maybe it's not that much faster,
but somewhere I know there's a five.
There's gotta be, yeah, here we go.
Factor up to five times speed increase.
And the more routes you have, the faster,
the bigger the increase is.
So the more complicated and big your application is,
the more it's going to benefit from this, right?
I think it says that if you're looking at just
like a toy example, you can run the benchmarks all you want.
It's not gonna make any difference.
But for realistic ones, it'll be quite a bit faster.
So pretty cool.
If you're using Flask record,
be sure to use the latest version
because the version that's coming out with this,
'cause this is gonna make it a lot faster for you.
And just an interesting example
of how you might have a non-obvious solution to a problem,
like a state machine for finding the URL matches.
- Yeah.
- And Brandon out there, he says,
"I agree, I don't see how this is faster."
Well, I hear you.
- Yeah.
- But the cool thing about computers
is you push the button and then it does a thing
and then, you know, right?
It's not like you gotta have a theory
and then you debate the theory and I guess it's measurable.
- One of the interesting things around this also
is that you can't assume much for Flask or Quart
because there are frameworks
that other people build up websites with.
So some people are gonna have like big, thick foresty trees
that have lots of branching and everything
for their routes.
And some people are gonna have like,
oh, let's just throw half the stuff in one directory
or one bucket or something like that.
- Right, that's true.
A lot of people have different variations
of how they construct the URLs that map into your site.
And that also affects it, that's true.
- So you kind of have to have both be like one,
you know, faster or not.
You just have to not be slower in really any case.
So interesting.
- Yeah, yeah.
- So looking at the state machine,
there's only four states.
Most things terminate in one or two steps.
So instead of testing four or five,
six different regular expressions, doing one or two.
But yeah, it is interesting.
All right, what do you got next for us?
- Well, speaking of Court, we've got Court O or Courto.
And actually it's funny,
I have no idea if this is built on Court or not.
Probably not, but I don't know.
So Quarto, this was, oh, somebody suggested it,
Paul McKenzie.
This is a thing to build documents and stuff,
but it's open source and it's,
they say open source scientific
and technical publishing system built on Pandoc.
So we love Pandoc, at least I do.
It converts Markdown to really anything else
or REST to other stuff.
like a whole bunch of stuff.
You can convert things to like PDFs or even eBooks
and HTML documents, all sorts of things.
So this is, and then Jupyter, of course,
Jupyter's great for a lot of scientific Python research
and data science, and even just learning Python
and playing and stuff.
And I've kind of liked to see lately
some people doing presentations,
even with just right within Jupyter Notebooks,
just kind of fun.
And I know people are teaching that way with tutorials,
but anyway, so Quarto is a system where you can do,
you can have documents be either Markdown documents
or Jupyter Notebooks and have a combination
of these things around and then build up stuff.
So you can, so you know, you've got like a Jupyter Notebook
and a demo and some Markdown and stuff,
and then you can convert the whole thing to a website
or a journal entry or a publication ready for a journal
or a website or an ebook or really anything.
So this is pretty exciting.
- I think it's very neat.
The idea you can take a notebook,
put a little extra metadata into it
and then publish it to all these different sources.
Have you seen how much you can do?
this is based on Pandoc.
Have you seen how much you can do with Pandoc?
Have you seen the conversion?
Like here, I'll pull up their homepage here.
You just go to pandoc.org.
See on the right,
that thing that looks like gray shading?
- Yeah.
- Those are the different formats
that it can convert from or to.
- Yeah, it's incredible.
- It's like unbelievable, yeah, yeah.
So when you say, okay, well,
if I could take my notebook
and then power it through Pandoc to do these things,
like the output possibilities are insane.
- Yeah.
And it even does like one of the things
that was unexpected for me is the presentation.
So you can convert one of these to like a--
- PowerPoint?
- Yeah, even to PowerPoint.
Or I was excited about reveal.js, I like reveal.
But, and then Beamer, I don't know what Beamer is, but--
- I've never heard of Beamer either.
- It's gonna be our new favorite way to present.
Oh, I see.
You can create Beamer LaTeX.
I see.
So is Beamer maybe is a little more
like scientific mathematical where you have to,
you know, here's the integral of this
or like where you've got really specific things possibly.
I don't know.
Specific formulas.
- And then within each of these formats,
there's things like, so I use reveal.js for instance,
but you can, there's, the documentation is great.
It talks about using this to create code blocks
and line highlighting.
And check this out.
You've got line highlighting that goes incremental.
So you could have stages.
You can, instead of creating three slides, for instance,
that have just slightly different highlighted texts,
you can say what order you want things highlighted in
as you step through them.
So I'm gonna try this for a presentation.
I might try this as well.
This is pretty neat, actually.
- I was excited also about the eBooks feature.
You can even publish EPUB.
I was talking to Matt Harrison about this
and Matt pointed out that he'd seen this,
but he was, if you really care about like indexing
or the front matter or the back matter,
this doesn't quite get there for generating that stuff.
But there's cross-references
and all sorts of things that it does do.
So if you're just starting out a publication,
this would be kind of fun.
So I'm excited about this.
The reason, one of the reasons why I brought up EPUB
is I read all my eBooks on a Kindle.
And whenever I used to see this, I was like,
but do Mobi also,
'cause I wanna be able to read it on my Kindle.
- Yes, exactly.
- But I don't have the link here,
but Kindle, Amazon is doing a conversion this year.
So right now the mail to,
the last time I sent a Mobi document to my Kindle
through the email feature,
it emailed me back and said, we did this,
but EPUB is preferred now.
So- - Oh, interesting.
- They're kind of moving away from the Mobi format
and back into EPUB.
So that's really cool.
- Cool, yeah, I use the Send to Kindle app.
It's some weird old archaic kind of app format.
- Yeah, I try.
- Really?
- Yeah, I can't, it's some weird sort of install an app
on off the web that's not a progressive web app.
I can't remember what it is.
It's something I think from Adobe.
It's some bizarre format, but yeah, that's what I use.
- I just, you get a free, you get like this email address
that you can send stuff to
and it just goes right to your Kindle.
- Yeah, nice.
- So that's what I use usually.
Anyway, so that's-- - I would probably use that
if I didn't have so many Kindles over the years
and I don't know which is the real email.
- Which one it is.
- I have like five Kindles over and I lost some of them.
- You gotta like unregister them, man.
- Oh, come on.
Yes, I should do that.
- But so for the website stuff, it's kind of fun too.
So this will generate websites for you.
And then it has publishes.
Yeah, it has publishing input, publishing in it too.
So you can hook this up to a GitHub action
and just say Quattro publish
and be using this to publish stuff too.
So this is really kind of cool,
the whole infrastructure around documentation
and publishing around scientific computing.
So I'm pretty excited about this.
- Yeah, I love it.
It's great.
Now, before we move on, Brian.
- Yes, another thing I'm excited about
is Microsoft for Startups.
It's the Microsoft for Startups Founders Hub.
So this episode of Python Bytes is brought to you
by Microsoft for Startups.
Starting a business is hard,
but by some estimates,
over 90% of startups will go out of business
in the first year.
Ouch.
With this in mind,
Microsoft for Startups set out to understand
what startups need to be successful
and create a digital platform
to help overcome those challenges.
Microsoft for Startups Founders Hub.
It provides all founders at any stage with
free resources to help solve startup challenges.
The platform provides technology benefits,
access to expert guidance,
and skilled resources,
mentorship, and networking connections, and so much more.
Unlike others in the industry,
Microsoft for Startups Founders Hub doesn't require
startups to be investor-backed
or third-party validated to participate.
Founders Hub is truly open to all.
What do you get? Speed up development with free access to GitHub and
Microsoft Cloud with the ability to unlock credits over time.
To help your startup innovate,
Founders Hub is partnering with innovative companies like OpenAI,
a global leader in AI research and development
to provide exclusive benefits and discounts.
Through Microsoft for Startups,
Founders Hub, becoming a founder is no longer about who you know.
You'll have access to their mentorship network,
giving you access to a pool of hundreds of mentors across a range of disciplines,
across areas like validation, fundraising, management, and coaching,
sales and marketing, as well as specific technical stress points.
You'll be able to book a one-on-one meeting with mentors,
many of whom are former founders themselves.
Make your idea a reality today with the critical support
you'll get from Microsoft for Startups Founders Hub.
To join the program, visit pythonbytes.fm/foundershub2022.
The link is in your show notes.
Awesome. Yeah, thanks, Microsoft, for supporting the show. They're big backers of Python Bytes and
definitely help amplify what we're doing here. I think the most awesome thing is the mentors
and the advice and the support you get.
Yeah. Well, one of the things I think is awesome is when I read about this, I think about
Like the startup access that people get if they're in like Silicon Valley or--
>> Y Combinator or something like that.
>> Yeah, something like that. But you only get a handful of those a year.
And this is open to way more people. So that's cool.
>> Awesome. Yeah. Very cool. All right. Can I take you on a diversion
to show you something pretty cool?
>> Yeah.
- Ah, all right, so Dart is a programming language
that we don't usually talk about on Python Bytes, right?
And Dart is a language that came out from Google
and I felt like it was trying to compete with JavaScript
to a large degree and didn't really gain a lot of traction
until Flutter came along.
And Flutter is a really cool way to design
mobile and desktop native applications using Dart.
Think of it as an alternative to Cordova, PhoneGap,
Xamarin, Ionic, all these different sort of generic ways
to build apps that run on different platforms.
So with Flutter, I can build an app that runs
on iOS and Android, but I can also compile it
as a target to macOS, Linux and Windows.
And I can even compile it to a target for the web
where it'll run as a progressive web app.
Okay, and you get some really cool apps.
Like by far the most well known one is the BMW car.
If you have a BMW, this is like the app that is your car.
But there's other ones as well.
It's used a lot within Google, obviously, right?
Now you may be wondering-- - That would be ticked
- If I bought a car and all I got was an app.
- I know, I would be too.
By the way, sidebar, BMW's doing all sorts of weird stuff,
like charging you subscriptions to use your seat heaters.
$18 a month subscription to turn on the seat heater
that's already in your car.
So the least thing I'd be upset about is the app.
- Okay.
- But that's something else.
Now, why in the world am I talking about Flutter and Dart?
I'm actually looking into using Flutter and Dart
to rebuild the Talk Python Training apps
so that we can have macOS, Windows and Linux
in addition to the iOS and Android version
and give it like a refresh.
And it's a really cool technology
that I'm pretty excited about.
So let me introduce you to something called Flet.
Have you heard of Flet?
- Well, just because Brandon just mentioned it.
(both laughing)
- Tell me about Flutter.
- Yes, yes.
Very timely, Brandon.
So Flutter comes, was sent over to us from Mikhail Honkala.
And Flutter is the fastest way to build Flutter apps,
but instead of using the Dart programming language,
use Python.
- Oh, perfect.
- So let me see if I can, I'll go to the get started.
I'll pull up a little example here.
So there's an app here, check it out, it's a calculator.
And look at it, it's got a nice little animated,
animated GIF showing how it works.
And you know, this looks like a proper calculator app
you'd see on a mobile phone or something, right?
- Yeah, it looks like my info calculator.
- Yeah, exactly.
And you can even go see interactive version
that is running in your browser,
because one of the six or seven compile targets
is your browser.
And I don't know if you noticed,
but how quick did that load?
Way faster than PyScript or any of these other things.
It was like nearly instant.
So if you go through and you look at how you build it,
you just create a main method in Python
and it's provided a page.
You say, flat.app,
and you just give it the function to call.
And here you say,
I'm just gonna add some text called hello world, right?
So you get your hello world here,
but you don't want that.
you want some controls.
So I'm gonna add a bunch of elevated buttons
with like the buttons that are on the calculator,
like one, two, three, star, plus, minus, and so on.
And you end up with this column of that.
That's kind of interesting,
but you want these in rows and columns.
So you would say, I'm creating a row,
which has some controls for elevated buttons,
another row, right?
So these are the rows of the calculators.
Look at that already, how cool it is to define that UI
with just that in Python.
- Yeah. - Right, it's pretty neat.
And because it's Flutter,
all of these things have native representations
on their platforms, right?
In macOS, it looks like a macOS button
and Windows looks like a Windows button and so on.
You gotta put styles to make it look like,
you know, the calculator app type of thing.
So yeah, that's pretty much it.
You just go and you put all these controls together
like this and you say go.
And then somewhere in here,
there's a place where it talks about handling the input.
But yeah, so here,
you just say I have, I create a class
and then on click itself dot button clicked
or whatever it is, whatever you're interested in.
And what it's gonna pass over is the actual button,
the elevated button that was clicked,
the event source or whatever you call it.
>> Right.
>> So you just say,
"Hook into these different button click events like you would with
any UI reactive framework and now you have a calculator."
Or you've got a,
what other app you want to build? Isn't that cool?
>> It's very neat.
I think some people would use this for iOS or Android,
a mobile device.
But you said there's other things too,
like you can test it out.
Would you realistically use this to develop a web app?
>> I think developing a web app
seems like it would be totally reasonable.
One of the things if you look here,
if you go to the roadmap,
the mobile story is not yet complete actually.
>> Okay.
So right now I would think of it as more of a desktop type of thing.
But as you saw with that example, there's also a web.
So desktop and sort of progressive web app story, right?
The mobile story is not yet finished, but that's what's on the roadmap.
And I would love to see it come along and make good progress.
There's also the possibility of other languages.
That's not super interesting to me.
But because I want to write Python anyway, but you have like go and C# and stuff as possible other programming languages.
Yeah.
But things like having a built in database with a simple ORM, it sounds way more, it's way more powerful than it sounds.
Because if you're in the web, well, how do you do database stuff?
if the web has local storage and it has like a SQL,
a wimpy SQL thing that's embedded in
like offline storage for your app.
If you're on iOS, you've got SQL lite built in and stuff,
but figuring out all those variations is a pain.
But if you can just say, create a database
and do queries against it with an ORM,
all of a sudden that gives you a super cool
offline data access story, right?
And so on.
So anyway, yeah, I think there's a lot of neat things
that are coming here.
This is created by, let me see if I got the name,
by Fedora, Fitzner.
I'm actually having Fedora on Talk Python next week
to talk about this.
So we're gonna be diving even more into it.
- Okay.
- Yeah. - Cool.
- But.
- Nice.
- I don't know how ready this is for producing
actual finished applications,
Flutter is absolutely ready to go, right?
It's been around for many years
and there's lots of things being put out in production for it.
Flut on top of Flutter?
Don't totally know, I'll ask for later, next week,
and we'll know a little bit more.
But when I look at this, this is really exciting
because it looks like it builds applications
that I would really want to use,
using modern paradigms and all sorts of cool stuff.
and you should be able to integrate
with all the Flutter things, which is great.
- Neat.
- Yeah, anyway, very cool.
Thank you, Mikhail, for sending that over.
- So that's a UI thing.
I'd like to switch gears to the command line.
So I-- - To the TUI.
- To the, to the Kali?
- The TUI, the text user interface.
- Oh yeah, text user interface.
Yeah, that's, anyway, so like with rich and textual
and things like that.
So I was really excited about this article actually,
and now I'm a little confused.
So I'm glad I'm gonna talk it through
and you can let, I'd like to hear what you think.
So, I ran across this article,
it's called "Building an Authenticated Python CLI"
and it's from Notia, Notia.ai, N-O-T-I-A, anyway.
It's a blog post about building this.
So here's the idea.
So if you got a, and for this application,
you need Twitter authentication.
So if they're developing a command line application
that has to use the Twitter API,
to get that, we've got some secrets.
You've got a client ID and a secret that you've set up
and you need to store the Twitter token somewhere.
- You've got to do that OAuth exchange where you say,
we're gonna connect to Twitter and Twitter says,
this app is gonna have, you know,
interact with your account this way and whatnot, right?
- Right, so I wanna be able to just,
but I'd like to be able to have the application
keep that around and not have to do that,
not really build it into the app,
like I don't wanna compile it into the app
or copy that token there.
I wanna be able to put that somewhere else.
So the idea around this article is to take that,
use the Twitter API.
they talk about using click and rich a little bit,
but for the command line stuff and click is cool.
And we both love rich.
And anyway, so the idea is to use a,
once you have, so you use the OAuth
and you come back and it's, you've got a bear,
what they call it a--
- A bear token.
And then saving that in a file called a net RC file.
And instead of telling somebody to just go put it there,
they're reading, like asking the user
for the client ID and the secret
from the Twitter API website stuff.
So copy it and paste it here.
And then they're storing that bearer,
the bearer token in the net RSC file.
And then the next time the application runs,
it just reads that.
and you don't have to do it every time.
And then that stuff isn't stored with the client code,
but it's stored within the user net RC file or something.
So at first I thought this was something
that you could use for like, okay,
so I don't know whether or not this is a good idea
for that even, whether you wanna store your barrier stuff.
But you probably don't wanna store,
You don't want to ask the user for username and password
and store that there,
'cause it's just a text file, I think.
But maybe there's some other way around getting,
I was kind of hoping that--
- I'd rather lose an OAuth token
than I would my actual username and password,
'cause at least you can revoke the tokens
or expire them and stuff, you know?
- Okay, so for token stuff, for saving tokens,
is this a reasonable thing to do
to keep that in the user's directory or something?
- It seems like it's all right.
I'm a little suspicious of storing straight plain text,
even if it is just an OAuth token.
- Yeah, okay.
- I might, you know, I don't know,
'cause I haven't read the article all the way through,
but I might encrypt the token and then store it.
- Yeah.
- You know?
- Yeah, so actually, so I wanted to,
I start this conversation and then ask people
because either for Tok,
I know there's other password ways to like store,
store them locally safely, but you,
is it something that can you do that with, anyway,
I'm just, I'd love to hear people's thoughts on,
on this, on, on where, like how,
what's the best way to store people's secret information
so they don't have to enter it every time.
But so storing in their user directory
might not be terrible, but maybe there's a better way.
So it's probably operating system specific too,
but I don't know.
- Right, well, your user profile is protected in general,
right, from other users.
- Right.
- But is it protected if you run an app
that decides it's just gonna go cruising
through your user profile?
You know, something that you ran
and you shouldn't have trusted it, but you did.
I mean, SSH token, SSH keys, private keys are there, right?
in the .ssh folder.
- Yeah, that's true.
- Yeah, probably worse than losing an OAuth token as well.
- So if you can guess, I'm thinking of,
I'm in the design process for a command line application
that has to store user credentials.
So that's where I have this little runny request.
- Yeah, I mean, isn't that one of the benefits
of doing this podcast?
A byproduct of our natural just working on new projects,
like Flutter for me on the previous one, right?
- Yeah, this is interesting.
And I see where it goes from here.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, I would probably at least encrypt the token.
I don't know.
- Okay, thanks.
- Maybe it doesn't matter.
- Well, we're done with our normal items.
So the extra stuff that I had,
that I was gonna let you go first, but I'm super excited.
That I'm getting a whole bunch done on the-
- Really quick before you go on,
just Sam Morley says,
That's why you should encrypt your secret keys
and system tool chain is probably the correct
in quotes answer.
- Okay, system tool chain.
Okay.
I don't even know what that means, but I'll look it up.
- Yes, this is something that go Kaggy
or DuckDuckGo or maybe Google.
- Okay.
- I'm excited to hear about this pytest course
because people have been asking
and progress has been significantly made, right?
Awesome.
How's it going?
- Yeah, it's going great.
So I've got, it's really seven chapters,
broken up into seven sections or chapters, but it's a video course.
So, but I'm really excited about it because the, the,
the Pytest book has received a lot of a lot of people of it, which is great.
I love that. I got great feedback, but it's,
it's detailed, right? So we jump into a whole bunch of the details.
And with a book, you can kind of get to some section that you're like, yeah,
I don't need that right now. And you can skip over it. And yes,
you can do that with a course, but it's a little harder.
So the goal for this is really for people new to pytest
or that are used to using a little piece of it
and unfamiliar with some of the powers
is to introduce people to like the full power of pytest
but quickly and not overwhelm them.
So I think I've done a good job, but we'll see,
we'll get it edited and get it available to people
as soon as we can.
- Yeah, I'm excited.
- Yeah.
- I'm excited to check it out.
That's gonna be awesome.
All right, how about you?
Do you have anything extra?
- Good lead in, so brand new course
over at Talk Python Training,
Django getting started, which is awesome.
This is put together by Chris Trudeau.
And this is a six hour course on Django.
And right now people, hurry, hurry,
there's an early bird discount
to save 10% that you can get as well.
So that just came out Wednesday, Wednesday is yesterday.
So came out yesterday, I think,
that or the day before, very recently.
Anyway, if you've been wanting to do,
getting started in Django,
if you wanna get into Django,
this gives our Django course is really good.
If you've been dabbling, you're like,
I really need to see how the pieces fit together better.
Also, check it out.
It's definitely good stuff.
Django, one of the top two web frameworks
these days still in Python.
- Yeah.
Do you know how many courses you've got on the platform now?
43 courses and about that platform tells me in
233 hours of content, so there's more than that in there, but there are a couple are not published yet
There's some exciting ones coming
Cool. Nice. Yeah, yeah
All right. Well, those are all the extras I have for now. I do have a joke for you though. Oh good
Are you a fan of the Lion King?
You ever watched that show the Lion King the cartoon Disney. It was a Disney. I don't know
I've saw it. I don't know if I call me a fan, but no. Oh, did you enjoy watching? I guess at all. Yeah
Yeah, yeah, so I watched it with my kids. And yeah, we enjoyed it as well. And so I
Don't even remember the name of the father. Remember the name of the father the actual Lion King. No
Whatever. Yeah, exactly
I don't either but the little kid that was supposed to be the kid lion who was supposed to be
Being room to be the king. It's talking to his father and they're looking over
the vast kingdom
Simba every language that light touches has a garbage collector and symbolist is but what's that shadow?
shadowy place over there
That's a C++. You must know
Yes, sorry C++ but yeah, that was fun and Mufasa
- Mufasa, yes, thank you.
Yes, we got it.
Mufasa says, "That's a C++, you must never go there."
- No, but you should.
- Don't take it too seriously, it's a joke, but it was fun.
(laughing)
- That's a garbage collector, yeah, I know.
- What's that shadowy place over there?
You must never go there.
- What about Rust?
- Nice.
- I don't even know enough about Rust
to make this part of the joke.
- Yeah.
- I'm busy learning Dart and Flutter.
Maybe I don't have to learn Dart though,
'cause I can do it in Python.
I could just learn Flutter, we'll see.
- So that would be like, that is Rust.
You can go there, but come back quickly.
- Exactly, just short visits.
Short visits, Simba.
- Yeah.
- Just to focus. - Awesome.
- Well, thanks for having this great episode.
- Yeah, it's great to be back with you.
- Yeah, so, and I guess we'll talk next week.
- Yeah, you bet.
See ya.
- Bye.
[BLANK_AUDIO]